About me

A Professional Solution-Finder

I have had roles as a <!--Link each of these--> technical project manager, pay-per-click marketer, social media coordinator, diversity coordinator, and Latin teacher. In each position I have passed on the baton in better condtion than I received it because I am good at identifying core challenges and finding soultions. It's easy to approach this from a position of ego, a desire to leave one's mark. I can't claim to be immune to ego, as no one can, but the genuine reason for my dedication to improving what I have been given care of is a passion for growth. Much as I determinedly persue my personal growth, I care deeply about the health and growth of the entities under my purview. I modernized my school's Latin curriculum, developed a school-wide diversity curriculum, imporved social media conversions when I changed career paths, optimized ppc advertising for ROI, and have been leading my team through a highly challening conversion to new internal systems and a new website. You can read more about each of these successes on my Skills and Work pages or continue reading below to understand how these diverse roles are linked along my sinuous career path.

Growth 

My career history may seem eclectict, but that is because the challenges I have faced have required me to grow out as well as deep. When I started college with a focus in Latin, Greek, and Historical Linguistics, had you told me I would be really passionate about quality web code one day, I wouldn't have believed you. My journey to open-mindedness began in academia. 

I discovered on my journey through undergrad and my MPhil in the highly sought after field of Classical Philology and Indo-European Linguistics that I really cared about understanding how the Romans read and acquired Latin (which has some rare linguistic complexities) and how it could be taught so that it was as easy for a non-native speaker to read and acquire. I finished my MPhil, and after a false start at Villanova University, returned to my alma mater for my teacher certification. During my five-year tenure as a Latin teacher, I redeveloped our curriculum and saw marked results in student success. During this time, I also challenged myself to better understand our diverse student body, and a year later, during the highly fraught 2016 US presidential election, became the Middle School Diversity Coordinator. In that role, I developed an affinity/ally program and received a grant to lead a team of teachers to create a K-12 diversity curriculum that would make our school a safe place for every student, regardless of beliefs, to learn. I left teaching in 2019 for health concerns.

As a teacher, I had developed a huge respect for interdisciplinary learning, including the sciences and math which had always been my most dreaded subject as a student. Combining my newfound interest in science with my hobby interest in historical textiles, I was admited to the University of Delaware's prestigious art conservation program. While I had to leave due to pregnancy complications, I had opened my mind to other fields of study, and when an opportunity arose to join the marketing team at Philadelphia's oldest auction house, where fine art and design were at the forefront, I found a way to reenter the professional sphere. 

Within three years at Freeman's I grew from marketing assistant to social media coordinator to biddable marketing coordinator. Each time I was chosen for the role because of my dedication to growth and my willingness to learn new skills to meet my company's needs. When I began studying instructional design as a way to fill out my part-time role, I decided to learn about web development as a way to improve my online lessons. This ended up being an invaluable skill to our marketing team as we began to analyze the technical areas for growth in our current systems. I found myself in a leadership role for this project due to the training I had recived in project management from my instructional design certification. I continued to develop my project management skills, and when we decided to open a new e-commerce facet to our business, I was chosen to lead that project.

Though the timeline for that project was only four months, I successfully took the project to completion by leading not only its organization, but also by playing a major part in its technical development. When the launch was aborted a week before the go-live date due to the sudden 5-month deadline on the development of a new website and back office system, our CEO and CTO chose me to lead this business continuity critical project. With only five months to complete what would normally be a twelve-month project, I have successfully coordinated three companies, including managing several technical dependencies between our two external service providors, and have kept the project on track. It should meet its deadline as scheduled, the first week of September.

In Sum

If you are looking for someone with a track record of successful project management, a willingness and ability to acquire whatever skills are needed to complete a task, and a stong commitment to the team, you need look no further.